welcome guys to episode 52 of Minecraft
and I am using the SDK gun mod that uh
it's been a very popular and I should
did a video on the previous version and
now it's being upgraded to a beta so
we're quickly going to find some animals
that we can destroy so we're going to
share this range try and get up yeah we
got oh we got do I fail oh I got him got
oh got him again come here you silly
sheep all right that's enough of the
ak-47 now we'll try the mp5k and yes i
did use inventory editor to modify the
gun rounds because there are 32 in there
the i reckon i was a little bit too
small there we go a nice deep sound to
that let's try the shotgun actually all
right as you can see the ammunition bar
is over the top where are you little
here we go we've got some friends over
here oh man I got a really good sub
woofer enough that punches a sound
alright just be bad see if we go f1 this
guy who's carrying a mean ass gun all
right where are we going we're in you to
find some more animals I got rid of my
skin cuz I I constantly delete my
minecraft.jar cuz i'm installing all
these different mods so uh a lot of
people have been saying to me i have the
black screen what do i do well what do
you do you actually um
Mickey back up before you start modding
so you can just copy and paste it right
over the modified or the black screen
and then you will have a perfect clean
copy of Minecraft and in fact I have a
dot minecraft folder clean without no
mods on my desktop so I it's easy to
access and I never get that problem so
we'll see how the range is on the
shotgun oh I'm liking this let's see if
I can do 80 lat spread right there so
you can get that pig who I got the pig
look bye-bye chicken all right now let's
try the sniper oh we got the deagle now
and I'll try sniper on this pig right
here oh dear no you disappeared is he
Desert Eagle all right there we go oh
yes who should that cow way off in the
distance right there come on who I
didn't oh I got him and he died I oh
there's more let's take them all out
collateral not now I'm too high we I got
him alright let's take out you chickens
where are you Oh do you see that was a
collateral right there to start making
minecraft montages but uh that will
wreck minecraft I believe alright so i
am going to break this mod into two
sections because i know this mod is has
a lot of different things like the
grappling hook and the tnt nuke mod and
all sorts of different things so and the
parachute I have to get test that out so
thanks guys for watching don't forget to
rate comment and subscribe and thank you
for watching and stay tuned for like
part two of the sdk gun mod